---
title: Home
root: true
---

### Brief Biography

<img src="https://files.rahul.sh/rahul/rahul-tokyo-2019-800x600.jpg" id="rahul-img-desktop"/>

I'm currently an [Electrical
Engineering](https://www.engr.wisc.edu/department/electrical-computer-engineering/)
Ph.D. student at the [University of
Wisconsin&ndash;Madison](https://www.wisc.edu/), where I am advised by [Robert
D. Nowak](https://nowak.ece.wisc.edu/). I also received an M.S. in [Electrical
Engineering](https://www.engr.wisc.edu/department/electrical-computer-engineering/)
from the [University of Wisconsin&ndash;Madison](https://www.wisc.edu/) in 2019.

I grew up in Minnesota and completed my undergraduate studies at the [University
of Minnesota&ndash;Twin Cities](https://twin-cities.umn.edu/), where I received
a B.S. in [Mathematics](https://math.umn.edu/), a B.S. in [Computer
Science](https://www.cs.umn.edu/), and a minor in
[Physics](https://www.physics.umn.edu/), all in 2018. While I was an
undergraduate student, I spent two summers working at
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/) in Seattle, Washington.

If you would like to know more about me (because I'm such an interesting
person), feel free to look at my
[r&#233;sum&#233;](https://files.rahul.sh/rahulparhi_resume.pdf).

<img src="https://files.rahul.sh/rahul/rahul-tokyo-2019-800x600.jpg" id="rahul-img-mobile"/>

### About this site

This site is built using the [Hakyll](http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/) static site
generator, none of the Jekyll stuff.  Everything is written in
[Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) using <a
href="http://www.vim.org/"><img class="dark-shadow"
style='vertical-align:middle;' alt="Vim" title="Vim" src="/img/vim.svg"
height="25"></a> (never `emacs`, unless, of course, you use [evil
mode](https://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Evil)).  All fonts used on this site are
from the [Computer Modern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Modern) font
family (the best font family). The design of this site was made by [me](.),
that's why it's so ugly.

The source for this site can be found on my GitLab
[here](https://gitlab.com/rp/site). You probably shouldn't look at it since
it's a giant hack, but I'm way too lazy to rewrite this site.

